Summary: 
	There are two people, one of them is called Bob and other is called Joe. They are best buddies who get along very well because they are both very lazy. They also happen to work at the same place. Unfortunately for them, their tables in the office are placed at opposite ends of the room. Sometimes they would like to send office papers, share a snack, or borrow each other’s stationary. But then that means one of them will have to walk all the way to other side of the room and back to their table! That is a lot of walking to both Bob and Joe. But what if they had a car that would deliver their items for them? If Joe wanted a lollipop from Bob, Joe can easily text Bob for a piece of lollipop. Then Bob will put a lollipop D-Livr and all Joe has to do now is clap his hands. By the sound of Joe’s clap, D-Livr will start racing towards the direction of Joe’s clapping sound while blinking lights to caution others it is coming through.
	D-Livr would be an automated car that will start driving towards the direction of a clapping sound. It will start going towards the direction until it senses there is something in front of it, then it will stop going forward in order to avoid bumping into it. It will be a fun and easy way for people to deliver things inside a small space. The input would be the sound of a clapping while the output will be the driving towards the clapping sound while blinking its lights.

Component Parts:
-	http://www.dx.com/p/16-in-1-smart-car-chassis-kit-for-arduino-black-yellow-153073
-	Ideally it will be able to turn, but I can’t find a kit that lets it turn
-	Distance sensor
-	Sound sensor
-	Rechargeable batteries

Challenges:
	The hardest part will probably be programming part where I try to get the Arduino to identify the sound of hands clapping then trying to identify where it is coming from. Right now I can either have the robot drive in one line back and forth or let it have the ability to turn. Both options will depend first on how much mastery I can get in the programming of just letting it identify the sound of hands clapping and go towards the direction of it. Also I have not been able to find Arduino parts for a car that can turn. But then there are examples online where people took toys cars and modified them, so that can be an option too. The assembly of all the parts shouldn’t be that hard, as long as there is a big enough platform to place the sensors.

Project Timeline: 
Week 1: Learning about motors, distance sensors, and sound sensors
Week 2: Get all the parts needed, program
Week 3: Program
Week 4: Assembly of the car
Week 5: Tests, tests, and more tests
